c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Mono.Math.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Mono.Math.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.pdb
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll.config
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.pdb
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.pdb
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\Project\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll.config
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.pdb
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.pdb
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll.config
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.pdb
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.dll
E:\Book\asp.net\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.pdb
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll.config
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.pdb
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.dll
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.pdb
C:\Users\Hizam\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Tweets.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\Tweets\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Tweets.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.amor-PC\Downloads\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Tweets.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Tweets.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\Tweets.webapi\Tweets\obj\Debug\Tweets.pdb
